#session

Red:

> Glorious audience, hail on this fair day. Truly, we appreciate your willing attendance, to come here in the gloom of our theatre, instead of the warm Sun outside.
>
> What can we offer in exchange? The look of confusion of Red's face? The meaning of the chalk-smudged letter she hold's in her hands? What she might do about it?
>
> Let us draw back our curtain and see...

Lia

> Pray, silence dear audience, silence please. We draw back our curtain once again this eve...

> The ponderous figure of the Cubinus leads Lia through the streets of Dismas' shadowside, and deeper still, until they somehow find their way to a vast, empty plain filled only with dust, and which has no mirror in the lightside, and must be a place of its own at the edge of the shadowside.
>
> And then, to the edge of that plain, where it terminates in what can only be the Abyss.
>
> Lia now stands before a vast gulf. Narrow pillars of rough-hewn stone rise from the pitch black beneath her, forming a precarious path of stepping stones that descend into the emptiness beyond.

> As Lia makes her first, tentative way through the Abyss she notices two things: the utter silence of the place, its still air neither warm nor cool, which creates a strangely soothing effect. It would be so easy to just lie down in it's embrace and sleep...
>
> Secondly, that it strikes Lia as somehow familiar. The ever-so-light gnawing, sucking sensation about her matches the numbing about the hand that bears the dimlit bracelet. Yes, there is a sense to the place, a direction leading towards her destination, an order hinted at by the teachings of the shades.
>
> She descends further, but now with purpose.

**Outline:**

- [ ] [[Create an assumed order of speaking]]

| Time   | Note                                          |
| ------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| 3.10pm | [[Red trains with Raul]] continued.           |
| 4pm    | [[Lia]] arrives at the edge of the [[Abyss]]. |
| 6pm    | [[Audience with the Bastard]].                |
