---
common: "true"
---

#settlement

Lying to the north-east of [[Kastenburg]] is the city of Faro. For more than a century, [[Kastenburg]]’s poor neighbour, Faro now boasts of being the wealthiest of the south western cities. Without the advantages of being mineral rich and with little reason for passing trade, Faro was presumed to have grown to its potential of little more than a medium sized town some 70 years back. Developing on either side the [[River Hesk]] and being largely an agrarian community, Faro relied on trade being carted through the [[Burgendorf Hills]] to Kastenburg - being heavily taxed along the way - before being exported to the wider world.

This all changed with the expansion of the [[Duchy of Castantis]] into the previous free lands, consuming both Faro and the trade city of Kastenburg into its bosom. Kastenburg was hit by several simultaneous events that would change its relationship with Faro for ever - the first, as mentioned, was the absorption of both Kastenburg and Faro into the Kingdom. [[Queen Hielwin Castantis]] of [[House Castantis]] (later known as Hielwin Castantis the first), gained jurisdiction over the entire south western realms. One of her first orders was the standardisation of taxation across the previously independent south western cities - no more would Kastenburg profit from Faro’s geographic misfortune. The farmers of Faro would receive a fair price for their goods, without the burden of extortionate road taxation at Kastenburg . Secondly, trade with the folk of the Feylands - which both Kastenburg and Faro relied on to varying degrees - came to a grinding halt with the onset of the age of reason and the retreat of the old folk. Although Faro, having previously exported meat and crops for consumption by both humans and the older races, saw a sizeable reduction in its exports, the effect on Kastenburg was immediate and devastating. Kastenburg had built its wealth on the fact that it was situated on an important trade route to the Feylands - though with little to export of its own, it had become fat and rich by taxing every export from every town and city in the region. The sudden enforced reduction in tax rates coupled with the disappearance of its largest customer base spelled disaster for Kastenburg . Thirdly, the tangling reeds that grew in abundance in the river Hesk around Faro were found to make the world’s most luxurious papyrus. [[Faronian papyrus]] was said to be able to hold ink far longer than the vellum scrolls used throughout the northern lands - a consideration that grew in importance with the the growth of the [[Holy Temple of the Father]] (in both influence and size). Previously considered a nuisance, the bargemen of Faro had routinely hacked away these reeds to keep the river lanes clear. With the reduction in need to export to Kastenburg the reeds were left to grow to levels previously considered unacceptable. When a travelling scribe, [[Gemeldern Elfreda]], first discovered their use, the fortunes of Faro were changed irrevocably. Under the ruling of [[Queen Hielwin Castantis|Hielwin Castantis]], every house built within a 30 meter range of the [[River Hesk]] (within the boundaries of Faro), was given an equal ‘holding’ of 10 square meters of reed farm. Entire industries sprang up overnight as competition to capitalise and maximise these reed farms developed. Before long, several original owners had sold out their holding and had become wealthy in their own right, whilst other original owners held out, expanded and eventually their families become rich and powerful beyond their wildest dreams. The [[Karadyle Family]] were one such. Heinricht’s great great grandfather had the foresight to hold on to his plot and the coin to buy his neighbours. Over the generations this plot has expanded to become the 4th largest plot in the Faro marshlands, making the family extremely wealthy in the process.

Additionally, great houses of learning grew up around Faro, keen to study the properties of this papyrus and eager to document their work using it. Universities dedicated to the understanding of medicine, law, physics and science soon started to appear.

Less than 20 years after the discovery of Faronian Papyrus, Faro was declared the capital of the [[Southron Kingdoms]] cities and the then aging Queen Hielwin Castantis (the first) resettled her family home to the newly built bridge district of Faro (from Kastenburg - where they had been located for little over a decade). The people of Kastenburg still look upon this relocation as an insult and a final betrayal committed whilst Kastenburg was vulnerable. A common expression heard in Kastenburg , synonymous with​ ‘’kicking someone whilst they’re down’’​ is ​‘’delivering a Faronian kiss’’.​ Understandably - though illegitimately - there is no love lost for the people of Faro in Kastenburg - who feel, wrongly, that Faro capitalised on Kastenburg’s fall.
